Types of pattern compositions:
--------------------------------------
Type 0- A pattern is instantiated two or more times in the same design 
independently, i.e. there are no roles overlapping among entities (a MAPE group or a system) of the instances of the pattern.
Type 1- A pattern is instantiated two or more times in the same design with roles overlapping, i.e.  
an entity can play the same role in different instances of the same pattern. 
Type 2- Different patterns are instantiated in the same design, possibly many times. 
There may be roles overlapping among instances of the same pattern, 
but none among instances of different patterns. 
Type 3- Different patterns are instantiated once in the same designs, and
roles overlapping among entities of instances of different patterns are possible.
This means that the same entity may play different roles.
Type 4- Combination of all types; i.e. different patterns are 
instantiated many times in the same design, and roles overlapping among 
instances of the same pattern and of different patterns are possible.

Concrete syntax (for all types):
--------------------------------------
First, for all types of compositions, the concrete patterns are defined 
separately and then composed at configuration level (i.e., into the model)
by reporting their names in a comma-separated list following the name of the 
configuration. 

For all types of compositions, the concrete patterns are defined 
separately and then composed at configuration level by reporting their names in a comma-separated list following the name of the model. 
 Moreover, when an entity plays roles for different patterns instances (the same role for instances of the same pattern or different 
 roles for different patterns) the name of these pattern instances are reported in a comma-separated list when the entity is introduced.

Examples:
-------------------------
Type 1: see file composition/AggregateMAPE_ES_CH.msl
Type 2: see file composition/AggrMS.msl 
Type 3: see files composition/AggrMS_overlap  composition/AggregateMAPE_ES_CH2.msl
Type 4: none (straightforward)

